This walk through the Wine Museum
ends at the tavern.
This priviledge space for the preservation
of portuguese tavern's memory
is precisely where our visit ends.
In here, the visitor has the opportunity
of tasting the wines of Adega Cooperativa.
The tavern was planned and constituted
by the engineer Paix?o Magalh?es
its founder, at the museum's origin.
He had this brilliant idea and
it started as the first tavern built
inside a Wine Museum in Portugal.
It follows the model for Ribatejo's taverns
since its founder, Paix?o Marques
was from Santar?m, in Ribatejo.
In it we can see all the elements
that were typically present in a tavern
specially in the North and South of Portugal
which we can see in the posters
of bullfighting, from the South
and the religious and traditional festivities
usually found in the walls
of many taverns in the North.
In our tavern, the visitor can marvel himself
with our wines from Adega Cooperativa,
as Montes, for example,
very refined and awarded with
many nacional and international prizes
like the gold medal in the Brussels Wine Fair.
This part of the museum is a preserved memory
where the public will finish its tour
through the Wine Museum and its history
in high spirits.